Mention "nightlies" in CLI installation guide (#1070)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/installation/cli.md

4. (Custom installation type only) Name your project's database.

::: tip

> Experimental Strapi versions are released every day. You can create a new Strapi application based on the latest experimental release using `npx create-strapi-app@experimental`.

Reviewer: Every Tuesday through Saturday at midnight GMT (I think it'd GMT else it's PST, we will find out tonight when GitHub actions kicks off).

Author: Thanks! Fixed it (I looked at the logs, seems to kick in at midnight GMT)

> Experimental Strapi versions are released every day. You can create a new Strapi application based on the latest experimental release using `npx create-strapi-app@experimental`.

Author: ```suggestion
Experimental Strapi versions are released every Tuesday through Saturday at midnight GMT. You can create a new Strapi application based on the latest experimental release using `npx create-strapi-app@experimental`.
```
